fix(kafka and derivatives): add `alias` config to avoid clashes with same topic (#13327)
emqx/emqx: changes/ee/breaking-13327.en.md

The directory path scheme for on-disk Kafka/Confluent/Azure Event Hub buffers has changed.  It now uses the Action name instead of the topic name.

> Updating to this version will invalidate (not use) old paths, and will require manual cleanup of the old directories.

Reviewer: Please provide an example of the old files.
```suggestion
Upgrading to this version will invalidate (not use) old buffer files, and will require manual cleanup of the old directories.
```
